Update docs for configuring geo location based statistics (#2716)
wso2/docs-is: en/docs/learn/creating-geo-location-dataset.md

> # Creating Geo Location Data Set

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Creating a Geolocation Dataset
```

> Follow the procedure below in order to create a Geo Location dataset to use when [Enabling Geolocation Based Statistics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the procedure below in order to create a geolocation dataset to use when [Enabling Geolocation Based Statistics
```

](../../learn/enabling-geolocation-based-statistics).

1.  Create an account in [www.maxmind.com](https://www.maxmind.com/) and download the **GeoLite2 City: CSV Format** as a ZIP file.

> 2.  Download the geoip-2-csv-converter from <https://github.com/maxmind/geoip2-csv-converter/releases> according to your operating system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.  Download the geoip-2-csv-converter from <https://github.com/maxmind/geoip2-csv-converter/releases> depending on your operating system.
```

> #### Prepare the database entries

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Prepare the database entries
```

> 1.  Unzip the latest CSV file and the geoip-2-csv-converter you have downloaded in the steps above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Unzip the latest CSV file and the geoip-2-csv-converter you have downloaded in the previous step.
```

> 2.  Run `update-geolocation-data.sh` file using the command below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.  Run the `update-geolocation-data.sh` file using the command below.
```

    For Linux  : [update-geolocation-data.sh](../../assets/attachments/learn/geo-location/linux/update-geolocation-data.sh)
    
    For Mac: [update-geolocation-data.sh](../../assets/attachments/learn/geo-location/mac/update-geolocation-data.sh)

    ```shell
    sh update-geolocation-data.sh
    ```      

>     -   Enter the path to the extracted GeoLite2-City-Blocks-IPv4 directory which you downloaded first, as the response for **Enter path to GeoLite2-City-Blocks-IPv4 directory:**

Reviewer: Please make this a part of the numbered list.

Author: Addressed with https://github.com/wso2/docs-is/pull/2716/commits/005760e83eea6c18412d91e41b204fc75bf066fa

        E.g :   /&lt;PATH\_TO&gt;/GeoLite2-City-CSV_20200310

>     -   Enter the path to geoip2-csv-converter directory as the response for **Enter path to geoip2-csv-converter home directory:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -   Enter the path to the `geoip2-csv-converter` directory as the response for **Enter path to geoip2-csv-converter home directory:**
```

        E.g :  /&lt;PATH\_TO&gt;/geoip2-csv-converter-v1.1.0

>     -   After executing the script, you will find the `final.csv` file inside your current directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -   After executing the script, you can find the `final.csv` file inside your current directory.
```
